Template: surfids-tunnel/empty
Type: Note
Description: Input cannot be an empty string
 You have to enter a value in the previous
 question.

Template: surfids-tunnel/keysize
Type: Select
Choices: 1024, 2048
Default: 1024
Description: OpenVPN keys size:
 The key size determines the security of your OpenVPN setup.
 .
 A bigger key size usually means better security, but lower 
 performance and vice versa. A 1024 key size should be 
 sufficient.

Template: surfids-tunnel/keycountry
Type: String
Description: Country abbreviation:
 A 2 letter abbreviation of your country. This will be used 
 for the C attribute of your certificates.

Template: surfids-tunnel/keyprov
Type: String
Description: Province/state:
 The name of the province or state you are located in. 
 This will be used for the ST attribute of your certificates.

Template: surfids-tunnel/keycity
Type: String
Description: City:
 The city you are located in. This will be used for the 
 L attribute of your certificates.

Template: surfids-tunnel/keyorg
Type: String
Description: Organisation name:
 The name of your organisation. This will be used for 
 the O attribute of your certificates.

Template: surfids-tunnel/keyemail
Type: String
Description: Email address:
 Enter the email address of the administrator of this
 server. This is used in the emailAddress attribute
 of your certificates.

Template: surfids-tunnel/hostname
Type: String
Description: Hostname:
 The hostname is used in the certificate generation 
 process. If this machine does not have a hostname
 you can use it's IP address instead.

Template: surfids-tunnel/xinetd
Type: String
Description: Xinetd listener address:
 Enter the IP address on which xinetd should listen for 
 incoming OpenVPN connections.

Template: surfids-tunnel/htpasswd
Type: Password
Description: Password:
 This password is used by the sensors for the communication
 between the sensor and the server via php files. It's fed
 to htpasswd to generate a .htpasswd file in your SURFids
 root directory.

